docs: add the command to bring up TUI before cluster deployment (#2387)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/site-deployment/initial-setup.md

> ## Prerequisite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```
:sweat_smile:

## Set up Edge Host

1. Power up the Edge host. Do not make any input and allow Palette to choose the boot option automatically. If this is
   the first time you've started the Edge host since installation, you will be automatically directed to the TUI.

   If you are accessing the Edge host with an SSH connection, you can issue the command `spectro-edge-console` to bring
   up the TUI. You can also use the same command to bring up the TUI if you have gone through the initial setup in the

>    TUI and want to change any configuration. However, you can only do this before you have deployed a cluster on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   TUI and want to change any configuration. However, you can only do this before deploying a cluster on the
```
maybe? :)
